Deposit To Margin Bank
===
The method [depositToMarginBank](https://github.com/fireflyprotocol/firefly-client/blob/0f01179033225cf1738619176627ea24977d208b/src/fireflyClient.ts#L244) allows users to deposit USDC tokens from the USDC contract into the exchange. User's funds are maintained against their account in the margin bank as available free collateral. These funds will be used to open orders and positions on the exchange.

Note, this method requires that the user has USDC funds in their wallet (on the official on-chain USDC Contract). If connecting to the exchange on testnet, find a faucet for test USDC [here](4/1.mint-test-usdc).

- **Amount:** The amount to be deposited to the margin bank in base format (the method will take care of converting it to big number string format supported on-chain).


- **USDT Contract Address:** (Optional) address of USDC contract to transfer tokens from. The funds are first approved on USDC contract to be taken out by Margin Bank on user's account. If not provided, the USDC contract address will be read from [contractAddresses](https://github.com/fireflyprotocol/firefly-client/blob/36aca76abd1c1829179674c8859f87eb15fa80f1/src/fireflyClient.ts#L93) fetched while initialization.

- **Margin Bank Contract Address:** (Optional) address of Margin bank contract in which funds are to be locked. If not provided, the margin bank contract address will be read from [contractAddresses](https://github.com/fireflyprotocol/firefly-client/blob/36aca76abd1c1829179674c8859f87eb15fa80f1/src/fireflyClient.ts#L93) fetched while initialization.


  ```bash
    console.log("USDC Deposited to MarginBank: ", await client.depositToMarginBank(10));
  ```

### Returns
A boolean indicating whether the funds were deposited the Margin Bank successfully.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### ** Solution **

[embedded-code-final](./assets/1.8-sample-code.ts ':include :type=code embed-final')

<!-- tabs:end -->
