Withdraw Margin From Bank
===
The method [withdrawFromMarginBank](https://github.com/fireflyprotocol/FireflyClient/blob/4fb96c79d281e6e64f70b751ab7f1e584ff777a0/src/fireflyClient.ts#L219) allows user to withdraw their deposited USDC from the Margin Bank contract. The contract unlocks and transfers the funds back to the on-chain USDC contract - the funds will be back in the users' wallet. 

Note that the Margin Bank only contains available funds and will not include any balance being used to collateralize open positions or orders. To withdraw funds locked into positions and orders, please close the open positions and cancel the open orders first. 

If you wish to only withdraw the available margin not collateralizing any positions or orders, Free Collateral found in the [Get User Account Data Route](4/1.mint-test-usdc) represents this value.

  ```bash
    # fetch Free Collateral from the user account data route & shift to base number
     const freeCollateralBnStr = (await client.getUserAccountData())?.data?.freeCollateral;
     const freeCollateral = bnStrToBaseNumber(freeCollateralBnStr);

    # withdraw margin
    await client.withdrawFromMarginBank(freeCollateral)
  );

  ```

The method takes the following parameters:

- **Amount:** (Optional) The amount of margin to be withdrawn. The amount must be in base format (the method will take care of converting it to big number string format supported on-chain). If the amount is not passed as input, all available funds in the margin bank will be withdrawn. 

- **ContractAddress:** (Optional) address of Margin Bank contract to withdraw funds from. If not provided, will be reading Margin Bank contract address from [contractAddresses](https://github.com/fireflyprotocol/firefly-client/blob/36aca76abd1c1829179674c8859f87eb15fa80f1/src/fireflyClient.ts#L93) fetched while initialization.

### Returns
A boolean indicating whether the specified amount was successfully withdrawn. The function will throw if the on-chain contract call reverts.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### ** Solution **

[embedded-code-final](./assets/1.9-sample-code.ts ':include :type=code embed-final')

<!-- tabs:end -->
